welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode 5 it's
an alright episode the highlight of
course uncle negan on the loose he's all
set for a soul-searching solo journey
but immediately subdued comes up to join
him his name is Brandon and apparently
his parents were saviors that were
killed in the war so kind of in his mind
like negan was the good guy
in fact he managed to bring with him
negan's leather jacket and his back
loose Eagle yeah I always wondered if
they kept it around Alexandria somewhere
but negan's not really feeling it he's
mostly a changed man now and this kid
Brandon is at the best a douche bag and
not the worst to straight-up psychopath
so we'll see where that goes but first
let's check in on everyone's new
favorite romance Daryl and Connie Connie
sister Kelly was out hunting but
remember in Episode one she explained
how she's starting to lose her hearing -
yeah it's getting bad and the zombie
apocalypse is a dangerous place to not
hear walkers creeping up behind you
so Daryl and Connie go out looking for
Daryl's more talkative with his new deaf
girlfriend than anyone else in the show
also with him by the way the best
character Dawg hey boy long story short
Kelly's okay but she needs some help
right now before the long walk back to
hilltop
luckily Magnus got a bunch of supplies
nearby yeah someone's been stealing him
from hilltop and it was her basically
she just doesn't really trust anyone so
she figured she'd better have some
supplies out here just in case her and
Yumiko are still in a fight I don't
really know why or I guess care so
moving right along
also at hilltop is king Ezekiel and he's
got some bad news oh he's got the cancer
and in the zombie apocalypse
I don't think medical treatment is that
advanced Aaron is out patrolling the
border he finds the whisperer the newly
named gamma like blocking up the river
with zombies back at the whisperers camp
we find out it was the whisperers who
cut down the tree and I've been sending
small waves of zombies Adam alphas plan
is to wear him down so much and then
they'll just crack on their own as Gann
was cutting up the neck Sambi she gets
like really into it having you know
flashbacks of her sister dying and stuff
and she cuts her hand pretty bad but
luckily who's nearby with some band-aids
it's Aaron he's being super nice to her
this is how we met Aaron when he first
approached the gang back in the day yeah
my runs back home until
about it alpha is basically like hey
maybe it's time for you to put on a new
mask I think what you're saying is I
befriended this guy Aaron and see it
might be useful
of course Aaron's trying to befriend
gamma to be a useful mole against alpha
so we'll see you where this one goes
and finally it's time for mom and Egon
they come across someone in danger so
negan's going to save him he breaks his
knife though so he's gotta kill these
zombies with his bare hands it's just a
nice random woman and her son Brandon's
all like so what's the plan we kill him
and steal their stuff and negan's like
yo man get that hell out of my face just
as long as I don't have to see that
pasty creepy ass face ears ever again
even when negan was at the peak of his
badness he always did have a soft spot
for kids and so he befriends this kid
too it's like too long of a conversation
they talk about how to nut slap your
friends and stuff they have such a long
conversation because you know this kid's
gonna die yeah Brandon came back and
killed him
he's like hey [ __ ] night that was a
test right I was supposed to kill him I
did good
negan is not happy and he bashes this
dude's face in something about this
gives me get a new plan instead of
wandering off to the distance he goes
back to the whisperers territory with
his leather jacket and baseball bat he
beats up some zombies til the whisperers
show up so yeah what sneaking up to
gonna kill him gonna join them
so there you have it season 10 episode 5
we are crawling our way up to what's
probably going to be an epic mid-season
finale
[Music]